---
layout: post
title:  "Blog Post"
date:   2022-01-17
---

Readings: Schuyler Esprit, Library as Text, Place and Tool
      Kate Theimer, Archives in Context and as Context


From reading  Library as Text, Place and Tool by Schuyler Esprit, readers are shown how Miss Esprit used  her knowledge and experience to create Create Caribbean at the Dominica State College. Create Caribbean was established to increase research, engage students in service learning and allow them to experience technology. The amount of brain drain experienced in Dominica was also pointed out. This is high because when leaving high school most students including myself tend to have “studying away”  somewhere in their plan. This is simply because 
In order to complete higher education migration is oftentimes the only key. Create Caribbean’s mission was demystifying the concept of digital humanities. The writer stated that this was difficult. I believe this because in high school we learnt nothing about digital humanities therefore it's something new. In Dominica we know that the library is a space that can be used for research and studying, however, we do not utilize it as much as we should. The history and culture of Dominica was used to create some projects. There were some challenges however everything managed to work out.  
Things that stood out or was appealing to me:
~The course offered at Create Caribbean is the first course of its kind to be offered in the English speaking Caribbean.
~ As a Dominican, knowledge about the country and its culture is vital to my academic and professional success.
~ A large amount of the population has no internet access. 

Archives in Context and as Context
Things that stood out or was appealing to me:
~ Archives and digital humanities are related alot. 
~ An archive is the repository for the historical records of its parent organization.




